Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'get-state']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'wait-for-device']
RETURNCODE: 0
Checking if boot animation has finished.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'getprop init.svc.bootanim']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'getprop service.bootanim.exit']
RETURNCODE: 0
Boot animation is not running.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'settings get global stay_on_while_plugged_in']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'dumpsys nfc']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'rm -rf /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Clearing logcat.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-c']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-d', '-T', '1']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'push', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/reduced_1_result/test.amber', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'mv', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'am force-stop com.google.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'am instrument -w -e stdout /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stdout.txt -e stderr /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stderr.txt -e arg1 -d -e arg2 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber -e arg3 --log-graphics-calls-time -e arg4 --disable-spirv-val -e arg5 -I -e arg6 variant_framebuffer -e arg7 -i -e arg8 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/variant.png -e arg9 -I -e arg10 reference_framebuffer -e arg11 -i -e arg12 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/reference.png com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:

com.google.amber.AmberLauncher:INSTRUMENTATION_RESULT: shortMsg=Process crashed.
INSTRUMENTATION_CODE: 0


STDERR:


Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'pull', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/.', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/reduced_1_result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/reduced_1_result/amber_stdout.txt
Loading Vulkan Pointers
vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties                    886 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties             8281 ns
vkCreateCommandPool
time vkCreateCommandPool                            17136 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            6875 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            2136 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties             2084 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                       11770 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   2708 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                             16094 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  35312 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     781 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              443697 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              42500 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               9167 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1667 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    260 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              195365 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              8907 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    26615 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             1354 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            3958 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            9480 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties              625 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                       10677 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   1614 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              7500 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  22032 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     521 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               46458 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              36250 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               5313 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1510 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    157 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              187656 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              1823 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    16666 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             1146 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            2656 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            4427 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties              521 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                        7761 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   1355 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              3229 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  12395 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     364 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              343750 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              36407 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               5260 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1406 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              187396 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2031 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    17083 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             1407 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2083 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                          338698 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          6719 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1459 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             677 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6458 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                          17968 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2553 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             730 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2083 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1511 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    625 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 168125 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               439479 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2395 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1198 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              4115 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   4531 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   6718 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 4063 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             521 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             677 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               573 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2657 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   4636 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 2812 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             313 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                         17084 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    3347500 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1614 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  3281 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    364 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                             1087500 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2552 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    45000 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3438 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1146 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          6406 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1198 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6094 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               2031 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           573 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        416 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2500 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         11666 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              2032 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   5261 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 172500 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               297292 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2813 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             729 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1198 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2969 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   6094 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3437 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             469 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                               9792 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1823 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              364 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  48073 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    6146 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2448 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             833 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2657 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5312 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             990 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             520 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6875 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                           4844 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2292 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2969 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               729 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    625 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  63281 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               147187 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1979 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1250 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  35729 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     625 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               66094 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               3386 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                             156615 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2396 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    312 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              182135 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2448 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    24844 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 7760 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1458 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3438 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   7240 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3750 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             782 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             625 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3229 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1354 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             885 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1198 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2864 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 143385 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               229219 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1302 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     4740 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                          1614 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                     1376823 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                         54011 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                     395365 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          9167 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1823 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  3698 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    417 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                                6406 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2240 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      365 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3177 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1094 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          6510 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             989 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6354 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         1667 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               1614 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           417 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        417 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2448 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2604 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1875 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   6146 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 125313 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               780468 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2031 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             677 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               781 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2604 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   4792 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 2917 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             886 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              3906 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 10208 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   88646 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  34948 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   85937 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2448 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                               7657 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1927 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              156 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    209 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    3490 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2500 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1458 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2604 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5209 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1042 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            5677 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                           4166 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              1823 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1094 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          1979 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             572 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               834 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    886 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  58177 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               117813 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             937 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             625 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  23542 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               56250 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               3021 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                              11354 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1615 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              202917 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2813 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    24114 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 4427 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1198 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3490 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   6562 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3334 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1250 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             938 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2187 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          4635 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1458 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             677 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               833 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3229 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 171823 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               179167 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2083 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     5364 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                          1666 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                        8906 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                          7032 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    8171198 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          5990 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2604 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  5000 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    468 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               12552 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2343 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      313 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3490 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1146 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          7240 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1146 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6928 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         1823 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               1875 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           521 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        469 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2500 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2708 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1146 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1302 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   6354 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 150521 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               763698 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2395 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             625 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1042 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3334 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   5937 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3021 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             886 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              4948 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 16302 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                  134531 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  45625 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                  118438 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 4271 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              10781 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         3959 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              261 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    365 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    4843 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1667 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           5573 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1198 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           6406 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           3542 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                            990 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1094 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             5157 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                             938 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              6354 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                145990 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   81875 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  69167 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                  157240 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 5312 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                 47605 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            3281 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             6198 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                            1406 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              3646 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                108437 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   76094 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  33073 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   86875 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2708 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                  6094 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            1562 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    1511 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                         6198 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                3750 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             2917 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                             729 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2032 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 85938 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75885 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  27500 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   95208 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2969 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                  9114 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            1771 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    1354 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                         6042 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                4010 ns
vkDestroyCommandPool
time vkDestroyCommandPool                           10989 ns

Summary of Failures:
  /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber

Summary: 0 pass, 1 fail

Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/reduced_1_result/amber_stderr.txt
/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber: Histogram EMD value of 0.005160 is greater than tolerance of 0.005000

Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-d']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:
--------- beginning of system
02-25 09:19:03.124  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: from pid 7081
--------- beginning of main
02-25 09:19:03.368  7083  7083 D AndroidRuntime: >>>>>> START com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit uid 2000 <<<<<<
02-25 09:19:03.486  7083  7083 D AndroidRuntime: Calling main entry com.android.commands.am.Am
02-25 09:19:03.492  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: start instr
02-25 09:19:03.505  3640  3675 I ActivityManager: Start proc 7093:com.google.amber/u0a95 for added application com.google.amber
02-25 09:19:03.505  7093  7093 I om.google.ambe: Late-enabling -Xcheck:jni
02-25 09:19:03.564  7093  7093 W ActivityThread: Package uses different ABI(s) than its instrumentation: package[com.google.amber]: arm64-v8a, null instrumentation[com.google.amber.test]: null, null
02-25 09:19:03.828  7093  7093 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/app/Activity;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (light greylist, linking)
02-25 09:19:03.828  7093  7093 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Ljava/lang/String;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (light greylist, linking)
02-25 09:19:03.846  7093  7093 I MonitoringInstr: Instrumentation started!
02-25 09:19:03.848  7093  7093 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]'
02-25 09:19:03.851  7093  7093 I MonitoringInstr: No JSBridge.
02-25 09:19:03.853  7093  7108 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]'
02-25 09:19:03.863  7093  7108 D InfraTrack: Tracking disabled due to lack of internet permissions
02-25 09:19:03.863  7093  7108 I UsageTrackerFacilitator: Usage tracking disabled
02-25 09:19:03.866  7093  7108 I TestRequestBuilder: Scanning classpath to find tests in paths [/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk]
02-25 09:19:03.868  7093  7108 W om.google.ambe: Opening an oat file without a class loader. Are you using the deprecated DexFile APIs?
02-25 09:19:04.200  7093  7108 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.LogRunListener
02-25 09:19:04.201  7093  7108 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.InstrumentationResultPrinter
02-25 09:19:04.201  7093  7108 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.ActivityFinisherRunListener
02-25 09:19:04.202  7093  7108 I TestRunner: run started: 1 tests
02-25 09:19:04.205  7093  7108 I TestRunner: started: LaunchAmber(com.google.amber.AmberLauncher)
02-25 09:19:04.207  7093  7093 I MonitoringInstr: Activities that are still in CREATED to STOPPED: 0
02-25 09:19:04.223  7093  7108 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64'
02-25 09:19:04.223  7093  7108 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-25 09:19:04.223  7093  7108 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-25 09:19:04.241  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.241  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingString failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.241  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.241  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingString failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.242  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.243  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.243  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.243  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.245  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.245  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.245  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.245  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.246  7093  7108 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasWideColorDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:04.246  7093  7108 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:04.247  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.247  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.247  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.247  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.249  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.249  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.250  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.250  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingStringLength failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.250  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.250  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.251  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.251  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingStringLength failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.252  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.252  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.252  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.252  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.253  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.253  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.254  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.254  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.257  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.257  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.259  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7093 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:04.259  7093  7108 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:04.288  7093  7108 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:04.289  7093  7108 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:04.464  7093  7108 W libc    : invalid pthread_t (0) passed to libc
02-25 09:19:04.575  7093  7108 I om.google.ambe: System.exit called, status: 1
02-25 09:19:04.576  7093  7108 I AndroidRuntime: VM exiting with result code 1, cleanup skipped.
02-25 09:19:04.621  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Process com.google.amber (pid 7093) has died: fore FGS 
02-25 09:19:04.621  3640  3676 W libprocessgroup: kill(-7093, 9) failed: No such process
02-25 09:19:04.621  3640  7950 W ActivityManager: Crash of app com.google.amber running instrumentation ComponentInfo{com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner}
02-25 09:19:04.621  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: finished inst
02-25 09:19:04.622  3303  3303 I Zygote  : Process 7093 exited cleanly (1)
02-25 09:19:04.622  3640  7048 W Binder  : Outgoing transactions from this process must be FLAG_ONEWAY
02-25 09:19:04.622  3640  7048 W Binder  : java.lang.Throwable
02-25 09:19:04.622  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at android.os.BinderProxy.transact(Binder.java:1116)
02-25 09:19:04.622  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at android.app.IInstrumentationWatcher$Stub$Proxy.instrumentationFinished(IInstrumentationWatcher.java:164)
02-25 09:19:04.622  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at com.android.server.am.InstrumentationReporter$MyThread.run(InstrumentationReporter.java:86)
02-25 09:19:04.623  7083  7083 D AndroidRuntime: Shutting down VM
02-25 09:19:04.663  3640  3676 W libprocessgroup: kill(-7093, 9) failed: No such process
02-25 09:19:04.663  3640  3676 I libprocessgroup: Successfully killed process cgroup uid 10095 pid 7093 in 42ms
02-25 09:19:04.664  3640  3676 I NvUtils : onProcessDied 


STDERR:



STATUS CRASH

