Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'get-state']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'wait-for-device']
RETURNCODE: 0
Checking if boot animation has finished.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'getprop init.svc.bootanim']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'getprop service.bootanim.exit']
RETURNCODE: 0
Boot animation is not running.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'settings get global stay_on_while_plugged_in']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'dumpsys nfc']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'rm -rf /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Clearing logcat.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-c']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-d', '-T', '1']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'push', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/unreduced_result/test.amber', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'mv', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'am force-stop com.google.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'shell', 'am instrument -w -e stdout /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stdout.txt -e stderr /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stderr.txt -e arg1 -d -e arg2 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber -e arg3 --log-graphics-calls-time -e arg4 --disable-spirv-val -e arg5 -I -e arg6 variant_framebuffer -e arg7 -i -e arg8 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/variant.png -e arg9 -I -e arg10 reference_framebuffer -e arg11 -i -e arg12 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/reference.png com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:

com.google.amber.AmberLauncher:INSTRUMENTATION_RESULT: shortMsg=Process crashed.
INSTRUMENTATION_CODE: 0


STDERR:


Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'pull', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/.', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/unreduced_result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/unreduced_result/amber_stdout.txt
Loading Vulkan Pointers
vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties                    625 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties             8698 ns
vkCreateCommandPool
time vkCreateCommandPool                            14531 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            8021 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            3177 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties             1719 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                        6302 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   2864 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                             17865 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  38750 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     885 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              503698 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              44844 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               8906 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2396 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    312 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              194480 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              7760 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    27552 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             2396 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            3594 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            4062 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties              938 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                        4375 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   2031 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              8698 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  19688 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     417 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               67605 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              39791 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               5364 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1875 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    208 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              190104 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              4375 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    19375 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             2084 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            2812 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                          178333 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties              937 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                        4375 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   2865 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              3750 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  16979 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              379531 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                              40781 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               5781 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2240 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    208 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              199010 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              3073 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    22500 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                             2084 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            3073 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                          370365 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          6562 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1302 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             938 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            7031 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                          18229 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2656 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             782 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2448 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1198 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    990 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 166354 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               402864 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1771 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1041 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               625 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2709 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   5729 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3437 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             781 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             417 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               416 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2083 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   3541 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 2552 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             313 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                          7136 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    3462187 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1927 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  4166 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    469 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                             1089896 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2708 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    43125 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2917 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             989 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          6198 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             990 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1041 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6250 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               1510 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           521 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        417 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2292 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2605 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1927 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   4167 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 144948 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               321927 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2135 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            5208 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               938 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3281 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  15833 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3490 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             469 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              10156 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1614 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              572 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  42604 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    7084 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2604 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1094 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2552 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5156 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             938 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6094 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                           4375 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              1979 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2032 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               573 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    729 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  60208 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               119427 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1250 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             886 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  26042 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               60365 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               3802 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                             131458 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2188 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              189375 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2292 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    22083 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                27552 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1354 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3281 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   7344 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3438 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             677 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             625 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2136 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          4323 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             990 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1094 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3020 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 133282 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               231041 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1354 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     5157 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                          2552 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                     1293281 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                         16250 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                     367604 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          7657 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1771 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  3021 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    260 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                                9219 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2969 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      365 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2969 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1250 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1302 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6562 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         1667 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               2240 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           521 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        365 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2395 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2031 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1823 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   5520 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 122760 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               780469 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2083 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             833 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               677 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   2969 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   5469 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3489 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             312 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              4479 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 10677 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   89115 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  35990 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   84948 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3073 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                               7500 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1927 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              208 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    834 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    4375 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3855 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1562 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            2969 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5052 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             572 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            5468 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                           4271 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              1875 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          1875 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             572 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               729 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    625 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  62448 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                90261 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1041 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            1146 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  22917 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     521 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               55625 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2656 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                              10833 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1667 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    208 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              204479 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2760 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    21823 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 4114 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1562 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    261 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                                6041 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2188 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      208 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  11875 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     834 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                             1337343 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               4011 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                              13490 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2604 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    208 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              265365 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2865 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    22760 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                11354 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  19896 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     520 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               46823 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2708 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               8437 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1875 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    157 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              252083 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2291 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    15261 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 3906 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  11562 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     261 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               44844 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2396 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                              16510 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1928 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    157 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              245053 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2656 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    15729 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 3490 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  11823 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     260 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               38073 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2292 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               7813 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1406 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              264791 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2240 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    16459 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 3958 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1719 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                                5052 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2135 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      156 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  13021 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     260 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               40677 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2447 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               8386 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1511 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    208 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              249844 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2031 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    15573 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 3646 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                  12865 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     416 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               38489 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                               2656 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               7188 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1406 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    156 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                              267032 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              2500 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                    20209 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 3542 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              2083 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   4948 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   8125 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 4792 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1146 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             885 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3958 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          5573 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1250 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             782 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          2813 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             885 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          2239 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             677 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          2448 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             678 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             729 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          1823 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             677 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          2760 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1094 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          4218 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             781 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              9218 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   4843 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 200938 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               583593 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2656 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     8490 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                          1563 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                       10209 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                         16355 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                   56979584 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          9218 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           520 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           886 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           416 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           417 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           521 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           521 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           573 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                           521 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2969 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  5156 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               14063 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                              3125 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      468 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            3907 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1406 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          7344 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1042 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            7084 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         2188 ns
vkCmdPushConstants
time vkCmdPushConstants                              3750 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                               1615 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                           469 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                        521 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              2761 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          2448 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1406 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   6615 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 153958 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               775209 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2292 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                             833 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               833 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   3230 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                   6042 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                                 3073 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                             365 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              5261 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 12552 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                  104740 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  39948 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   90313 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3646 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              261 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    521 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    4740 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2448 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2969 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  8542 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   80104 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  29427 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   86562 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3230 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2604 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  9063 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75417 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  24636 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75104 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2448 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              3646 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  8959 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75833 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  23229 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75677 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2448 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2136 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  6822 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   72761 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  24479 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   76771 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2656 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              105 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    312 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    3698 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1823 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2969 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  7083 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   73386 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  25729 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   98489 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2604 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2709 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  9271 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75781 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  24531 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   76771 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2812 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              12135 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         2500 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              156 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    416 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    3750 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2760 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           7760 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1458 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1250 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                            781 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           4739 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                            833 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             4271 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                             937 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              6355 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                122083 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   75990 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  40468 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                  160729 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 4375 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                 28594 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            2813 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             6302 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                            2084 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              3438 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 93073 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   71198 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  31667 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   79739 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3541 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                  4062 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            1771 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    2083 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                         8803 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                2865 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                2083 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                1407 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                2135 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                1875 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                1928 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                1562 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             2032 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                             833 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              2240 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                 80365 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   72761 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                  25937 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   80521 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 3959 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                  9948 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            1823 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    1927 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                         6666 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                6250 ns
vkDestroyCommandPool
time vkDestroyCommandPool                           12760 ns

Summary of Failures:
  /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber

Summary: 0 pass, 1 fail

Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/0f62f70e_no_opt_test_SHIELD_Android_TV_SHIELDTV1:5555/summary/unreduced_result/amber_stderr.txt
/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber: Histogram EMD value of 0.005160 is greater than tolerance of 0.005000

Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', 'SHIELDTV1:5555', 'logcat', '-d']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:
--------- beginning of system
02-25 09:19:00.131  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: from pid 7014
--------- beginning of main
02-25 09:19:00.374  7016  7016 D AndroidRuntime: >>>>>> START com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit uid 2000 <<<<<<
02-25 09:19:00.492  7016  7016 D AndroidRuntime: Calling main entry com.android.commands.am.Am
02-25 09:19:00.498  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: start instr
02-25 09:19:00.511  3640  3675 I ActivityManager: Start proc 7026:com.google.amber/u0a95 for added application com.google.amber
02-25 09:19:00.512  7026  7026 I om.google.ambe: Late-enabling -Xcheck:jni
02-25 09:19:00.572  7026  7026 W ActivityThread: Package uses different ABI(s) than its instrumentation: package[com.google.amber]: arm64-v8a, null instrumentation[com.google.amber.test]: null, null
02-25 09:19:00.835  7026  7026 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/app/Activity;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (light greylist, linking)
02-25 09:19:00.835  7026  7026 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Ljava/lang/String;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (light greylist, linking)
02-25 09:19:00.853  7026  7026 I MonitoringInstr: Instrumentation started!
02-25 09:19:00.855  7026  7026 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]'
02-25 09:19:00.858  7026  7026 I MonitoringInstr: No JSBridge.
02-25 09:19:00.859  7026  7042 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64]]]'
02-25 09:19:00.870  7026  7042 D InfraTrack: Tracking disabled due to lack of internet permissions
02-25 09:19:00.870  7026  7042 I UsageTrackerFacilitator: Usage tracking disabled
02-25 09:19:00.874  7026  7042 I TestRequestBuilder: Scanning classpath to find tests in paths [/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk]
02-25 09:19:00.875  7026  7042 W om.google.ambe: Opening an oat file without a class loader. Are you using the deprecated DexFile APIs?
02-25 09:19:01.204  7026  7042 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.LogRunListener
02-25 09:19:01.204  7026  7042 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.InstrumentationResultPrinter
02-25 09:19:01.204  7026  7042 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.ActivityFinisherRunListener
02-25 09:19:01.206  7026  7042 I TestRunner: run started: 1 tests
02-25 09:19:01.208  7026  7042 I TestRunner: started: LaunchAmber(com.google.amber.AmberLauncher)
02-25 09:19:01.210  7026  7026 I MonitoringInstr: Activities that are still in CREATED to STOPPED: 0
02-25 09:19:01.229  7026  7042 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/lib/arm64'
02-25 09:19:01.229  7026  7042 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber.test-xaJQZp5Sza_dDYAQ0BE3IQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-25 09:19:01.229  7026  7042 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/com.google.amber-wXZZg9D-Ax0jZ8h-7mlKgA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-25 09:19:01.246  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.246  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingString failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.247  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.247  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingString failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.248  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.248  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.249  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.249  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.251  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.251  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.251  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.251  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.252  7026  7042 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasWideColorDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:01.252  7026  7042 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:01.253  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.253  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.253  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.253  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.255  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.255  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.256  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.256  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingStringLength failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.256  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.256  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.256  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.256  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingStringLength failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.258  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.258  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.258  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.258  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.258  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.258  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.260  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.260  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.262  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.262  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.264  3199  3199 E SELinux : avc:  denied  { find } for interface=vendor.nvidia.hardware.cpl.service::INvCplHalService sid=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 pid=7026 scontext=u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c95,c256,c512,c768 tcontext=u:object_r:hal_cplservice_hwservice:s0 tclass=hwservice_manager permissive=0
02-25 09:19:01.264  7026  7042 E libnvcpl_vendor: NvCplGetAppProfileSettingInt failed to get INvCplHalService
02-25 09:19:01.292  7026  7042 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:01.293  7026  7042 I ConfigStore: android::hardware::configstore::V1_0::ISurfaceFlingerConfigs::hasHDRDisplay retrieved: 1
02-25 09:19:01.557  7026  7042 W libc    : invalid pthread_t (0) passed to libc
02-25 09:19:01.673  7026  7042 I om.google.ambe: System.exit called, status: 1
02-25 09:19:01.673  7026  7042 I AndroidRuntime: VM exiting with result code 1, cleanup skipped.
02-25 09:19:01.708  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Process com.google.amber (pid 7026) has died: fore FGS 
02-25 09:19:01.708  3640  3676 W libprocessgroup: kill(-7026, 9) failed: No such process
02-25 09:19:01.709  3640  7950 W ActivityManager: Crash of app com.google.amber running instrumentation ComponentInfo{com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner}
02-25 09:19:01.709  3303  3303 I Zygote  : Process 7026 exited cleanly (1)
02-25 09:19:01.709  3640  7950 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10095 user=0: finished inst
02-25 09:19:01.710  3640  7048 W Binder  : Outgoing transactions from this process must be FLAG_ONEWAY
02-25 09:19:01.710  3640  7048 W Binder  : java.lang.Throwable
02-25 09:19:01.710  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at android.os.BinderProxy.transact(Binder.java:1116)
02-25 09:19:01.710  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at android.app.IInstrumentationWatcher$Stub$Proxy.instrumentationFinished(IInstrumentationWatcher.java:164)
02-25 09:19:01.710  3640  7048 W Binder  : 	at com.android.server.am.InstrumentationReporter$MyThread.run(InstrumentationReporter.java:86)
02-25 09:19:01.712  7016  7016 D AndroidRuntime: Shutting down VM
02-25 09:19:01.737  3640  7048 I ActivityManager: Failure reporting to instrumentation watcher: comp=ComponentInfo{com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner} results=Bundle[{shortMsg=Process crashed.}]
02-25 09:19:01.752  3640  3676 W libprocessgroup: kill(-7026, 9) failed: No such process
02-25 09:19:01.752  3640  3676 I libprocessgroup: Successfully killed process cgroup uid 10095 pid 7026 in 43ms
02-25 09:19:01.752  3640  3676 I NvUtils : onProcessDied 


STDERR:



STATUS CRASH

