Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'get-state']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'wait-for-device']
RETURNCODE: 0
Checking if boot animation has finished.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'getprop init.svc.bootanim']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'getprop service.bootanim.exit']
RETURNCODE: 0
Boot animation is not running.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'settings get global stay_on_while_plugged_in']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'dumpsys nfc']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'rm -rf /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz && mkdir /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Clearing logcat.
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'logcat', '-c']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'logcat', '-d', '-T', '1']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'push', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/29b7a44e_no_opt_test_Pixel_5_0B021FDD4001WZ/summary/reduced_1_result/test.amber', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'mv', '/data/local/tmp/test.amber', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'am force-stop com.google.amber']
RETURNCODE: 0
Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'shell', 'am instrument -w -e stdout /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stdout.txt -e stderr /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/amber_stderr.txt -e arg1 -d -e arg2 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber -e arg3 --log-graphics-calls-time -e arg4 --disable-spirv-val -e arg5 -I -e arg6 variant_framebuffer -e arg7 -i -e arg8 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/variant.png -e arg9 -I -e arg10 reference_framebuffer -e arg11 -i -e arg12 /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/reference.png com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:

com.google.amber.AmberLauncher:INSTRUMENTATION_RESULT: shortMsg=Process crashed.
INSTRUMENTATION_CODE: 0


STDERR:


Exec:['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'pull', '/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/result/.', 'reports/crashes/bad_image/29b7a44e_no_opt_test_Pixel_5_0B021FDD4001WZ/summary/reduced_1_result']
RETURNCODE: 0
Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/29b7a44e_no_opt_test_Pixel_5_0B021FDD4001WZ/summary/reduced_1_result/amber_stdout.txt
Loading Vulkan Pointers
vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceProperties                    729 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceMemoryProperties              365 ns
vkCreateCommandPool
time vkCreateCommandPool                              781 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            3125 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            3229 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties             2656 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                       67187 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                   1041 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              2813 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                   7969 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     521 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               23490 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                                885 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                              12448 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2865 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    468 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               21458 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               521 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      520 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                           105156 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                             729 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            1355 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties             1094 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                       26562 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                    521 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              1406 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                   4479 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     313 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               21563 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                                365 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                                937 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1406 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    261 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               20156 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               364 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      365 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                            53541 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            1041 ns
vkCreateShaderModule
time vkCreateShaderModule                            1198 ns
vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties
time vkGetPhysicalDeviceFormatProperties              729 ns
vkAllocateCommandBuffers
time vkAllocateCommandBuffers                       32968 ns
vkCreateFence
time vkCreateFence                                    573 ns
vkCreateRenderPass
time vkCreateRenderPass                              5521 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                   2031 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     313 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               21302 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                                416 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                                937 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  5573 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    261 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               19948 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               364 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      313 ns
vkCreateFramebuffer
time vkCreateFramebuffer                            61042 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                           31979 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1250 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         65781 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             782 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             208 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6302 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                          40781 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              7136 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             833 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         31094 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             365 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                             11042 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    469 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 260469 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               635417 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           18698 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            3177 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               937 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    625 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  91719 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               159791 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2396 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2604 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               781 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    521 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  21666 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               125208 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1927 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                          1771 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    3687552 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            9271 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  6146 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    469 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               13281 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               990 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1511 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         46667 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             417 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             260 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6562 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                                729 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                          1094 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                       4688 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              3854 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             312 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         31406 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             417 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              9531 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   1302 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 128541 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               902032 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           34948 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            3177 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               833 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    417 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  77136 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               998073 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            5625 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              37916 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1510 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              625 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    313 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    5469 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1198 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            5990 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         41094 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             260 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            8385 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                          19531 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              4270 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             261 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         45990 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             416 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              7447 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    678 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  82864 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                              1066406 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           26875 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            4115 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                   5313 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               34010 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                                833 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               3073 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  2344 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    417 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               21094 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               365 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      469 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 1459 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1302 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    937 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  96094 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               874948 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            4948 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            3697 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         51563 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             573 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             313 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              2708 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   1198 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  90677 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               232865 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           22396 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     2187 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                         40000 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                        1614 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                          5104 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    5923074 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          4114 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            7605 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  6458 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    573 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               15312 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               729 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1302 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         51563 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             313 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6407 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         1771 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                                782 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                          1041 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                       4219 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              3646 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             313 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         31302 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             364 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              8958 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   1458 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 127969 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               985208 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           35625 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            3178 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               989 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    469 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  79375 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               305469 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2239 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              1094 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  2240 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   12291 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    365 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   54063 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1250 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              33906 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1979 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              313 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    313 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    7812 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 9687 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            4739 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             625 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         42708 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             520 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             208 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            8958 ns
vkCmdClearAttachments
time vkCmdClearAttachments                          20729 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              4687 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             313 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         31615 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             469 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              8385 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    573 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  79063 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               355052 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           16458 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2865 ns
vkCreateImage
time vkCreateImage                                   5105 ns
vkGetImageMemoryRequirements
time vkGetImageMemoryRequirements                     468 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               25677 ns
vkBindImageMemory
time vkBindImageMemory                                730 ns
vkCreateImageView
time vkCreateImageView                               3125 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  1979 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    417 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               21979 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               365 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      521 ns
vkCreateSampler
time vkCreateSampler                                 1458 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              1042 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    521 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  78489 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               145313 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            2032 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2760 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             417 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         37604 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             834 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             260 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              2240 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    989 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  66771 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               232031 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           19844 ns
vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout
time vkCreateDescriptorSetLayout                     2344 ns
vkCreateDescriptorPool
time vkCreateDescriptorPool                         25937 ns
vkAllocateDescriptorSets
time vkAllocateDescriptorSets                        1667 ns
vkCreatePipelineLayout
time vkCreatePipelineLayout                          5000 ns
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines
time vkCreateGraphicsPipelines                    8635938 ns
vkUpdateDescriptorSets
time vkUpdateDescriptorSets                          4219 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            8072 ns
vkCreateBuffer
time vkCreateBuffer                                  6615 ns
vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements
time vkGetBufferMemoryRequirements                    677 ns
vkAllocateMemory
time vkAllocateMemory                               13907 ns
vkBindBufferMemory
time vkBindBufferMemory                               937 ns
vkMapMemory
time vkMapMemory                                      469 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            1406 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             417 ns
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage
time vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                         54635 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             521 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             260 ns
vkCmdBeginRenderPass
time vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            6041 ns
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets
time vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         1719 ns
vkCmdBindPipeline
time vkCmdBindPipeline                                573 ns
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers
time vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                          1094 ns
vkCmdDraw
time vkCmdDraw                                       4427 ns
vkCmdEndRenderPass
time vkCmdEndRenderPass                              4010 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             313 ns
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer
time vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                         33073 ns
vkCmdPipelineBarrier
time vkCmdPipelineBarrier                             365 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                              9531 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                   1042 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                 128177 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               944427 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                           25469 ns
vkBeginCommandBuffer
time vkBeginCommandBuffer                            2865 ns
vkEndCommandBuffer
time vkEndCommandBuffer                               782 ns
vkResetFences
time vkResetFences                                    469 ns
vkQueueSubmit
time vkQueueSubmit                                  78229 ns
vkWaitForFences
time vkWaitForFences                               261042 ns
vkResetCommandBuffer
time vkResetCommandBuffer                            1980 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              1250 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  1719 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   15834 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    260 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   52396 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 2031 ns
vkDestroyPipeline
time vkDestroyPipeline                              28750 ns
vkDestroyPipelineLayout
time vkDestroyPipelineLayout                         1771 ns
vkDestroyBufferView
time vkDestroyBufferView                              313 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    312 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    7657 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                  729 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           5937 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1198 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1146 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                            729 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                           1666 ns
vkDestroyShaderModule
time vkDestroyShaderModule                            625 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             3802 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                           68854 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                              1562 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  2291 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    5885 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    417 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   36250 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1510 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                 17448 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                           37240 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             2395 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                           20156 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                               625 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  1771 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    5000 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    260 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   44427 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                 1719 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                   625 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                           13541 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    2136 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                        40469 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                1041 ns
vkDestroyRenderPass
time vkDestroyRenderPass                             1614 ns
vkDestroyFramebuffer
time vkDestroyFramebuffer                           14740 ns
vkDestroyImageView
time vkDestroyImageView                               417 ns
vkDestroyImage
time vkDestroyImage                                  1146 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                    4166 ns
vkUnmapMemory
time vkUnmapMemory                                    209 ns
vkFreeMemory
time vkFreeMemory                                   43698 ns
vkDestroyBuffer
time vkDestroyBuffer                                  990 ns
vkDestroyFence
time vkDestroyFence                                  4323 ns
vkFreeCommandBuffers
time vkFreeCommandBuffers                            6354 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout
time vkDestroyDescriptorSetLayout                    1198 ns
vkDestroyDescriptorPool
time vkDestroyDescriptorPool                         6771 ns
vkDestroySampler
time vkDestroySampler                                 469 ns
vkDestroyCommandPool
time vkDestroyCommandPool                           43594 ns

Summary of Failures:
  /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber

Summary: 0 pass, 1 fail

Logging the contents of reports/crashes/bad_image/29b7a44e_no_opt_test_Pixel_5_0B021FDD4001WZ/summary/reduced_1_result/amber_stderr.txt
/sdcard/Android/data/com.google.amber/cache/graphicsfuzz/test.amber: Histogram EMD value of 0.125033 is greater than tolerance of 0.005000

Exec (verbose):['/usr/bin/adb', '-s', '0B021FDD4001WZ', 'logcat', '-d']
RETURNCODE: 0
STDOUT:
--------- beginning of system
02-08 15:37:36.836  1529  6249 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10276 user=0: from pid 7195
--------- beginning of main
02-08 15:37:36.840  7195  7197 I cmd     : oneway function results will be dropped but finished with status OK and parcel size 4
02-08 15:37:36.842  2729  2729 E PhoneInterfaceManager: [PhoneIntfMgr] getCarrierPackageNamesForIntentAndPhone: No UICC
02-08 15:37:36.842  2729  2729 D CarrierSvcBindHelper: No carrier app for: 0
02-08 15:37:36.846  6799  7198 I EuiccGoogle: [140727] EuiccServiceImpl.onGetEuiccProfileInfoList: onGetEuiccProfileInfoList: slotId = -1
02-08 15:37:36.848  3521  3521 D RegisteredNfcFServicesCache: Service unchanged, not updating
02-08 15:37:36.849  6799  7198 W EuiccGoogle: [140727] EuiccServiceImpl.onGetEuiccProfileInfoList: slotId=-1. No eUICC is active. Return null.
02-08 15:37:36.959  7199  7199 W app_process: type=1400 audit(0.0:79687): avc: denied { read } for name="u:object_r:device_config_runtime_native_boot_prop:s0" dev="tmpfs" ino=8888 scontext=u:r:shell:s0 tcontext=u:object_r:device_config_runtime_native_boot_prop:s0 tclass=file permissive=0
02-08 15:37:36.959  7199  7199 I chatty  : uid=1036(auditd) app_process identical 2 lines
02-08 15:37:36.959  7199  7199 W app_process: type=1400 audit(0.0:79690): avc: denied { read } for name="u:object_r:device_config_runtime_native_boot_prop:s0" dev="tmpfs" ino=8888 scontext=u:r:shell:s0 tcontext=u:object_r:device_config_runtime_native_boot_prop:s0 tclass=file permissive=0
02-08 15:37:36.959  7199  7199 D AndroidRuntime: >>>>>> START com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit uid 2000 <<<<<<
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 E libc    : Access denied finding property "persist.device_config.runtime_native_boot.profilebootclasspath"
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 E libc    : Access denied finding property "persist.device_config.runtime_native_boot.enable_apex_image"
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 I AndroidRuntime: Using default boot image
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 E libc    : Access denied finding property "persist.device_config.runtime_native_boot.disable_lock_profiling"
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 I AndroidRuntime: Leaving lock profiling enabled
02-08 15:37:36.962  7199  7199 E libc    : Access denied finding property "persist.device_config.runtime_native_boot.enable_generational_cc"
02-08 15:37:37.027  7199  7199 D app_process: Time zone APEX ICU file found: /apex/com.android.tzdata/etc/icu/icu_tzdata.dat
02-08 15:37:37.027  7199  7199 D app_process: I18n APEX ICU file found: /apex/com.android.i18n/etc/icu/icudt66l.dat
02-08 15:37:37.034  7199  7199 I app_process: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.044  7199  7199 W app_process: JNI RegisterNativeMethods: attempt to register 0 native methods for android.media.AudioAttributes
02-08 15:37:37.048  7199  7199 D AndroidRuntime: Calling main entry com.android.commands.am.Am
02-08 15:37:37.056  1529  4611 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10276 user=0: start instr
02-08 15:37:37.059  1529  4611 D CompatibilityChangeReporter: Compat change id reported: 135634846; UID 10276; state: DISABLED
02-08 15:37:37.059  1529  4611 D CompatibilityChangeReporter: Compat change id reported: 135754954; UID 10276; state: DISABLED
02-08 15:37:37.060  1529  1675 D CompatibilityChangeReporter: Compat change id reported: 143937733; UID 10276; state: DISABLED
02-08 15:37:37.067   930   930 D Zygote  : Forked child process 7215
02-08 15:37:37.068  1529  1675 I ActivityManager: Start proc 7215:com.google.amber/u0a276 for added application com.google.amber
02-08 15:37:37.073  7215  7215 I libc    : SetHeapTaggingLevel: tag level set to 0
02-08 15:37:37.077  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: Late-enabling -Xcheck:jni
02-08 15:37:37.106  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: Unquickening 12 vdex files!
02-08 15:37:37.115  1221  1280 I adbd    : jdwp connection from 7215
02-08 15:37:37.162  7215  7215 W ActivityThread: Package uses different ABI(s) than its instrumentation: package[com.google.amber]: arm64-v8a, null instrumentation[com.google.amber.test]: null, null
02-08 15:37:37.165  7215  7215 D ApplicationLoaders: Returning zygote-cached class loader: /system/framework/android.test.base.jar
02-08 15:37:37.167  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.169  7215  7215 I chatty  : uid=10276(com.google.amber) identical 1 line
02-08 15:37:37.170  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.288  7215  7215 D ApplicationLoaders: Returning zygote-cached class loader: /system/framework/android.test.base.jar
02-08 15:37:37.288  7215  7215 D ApplicationLoaders: Returning zygote-cached class loader: /system/framework/android.test.base.jar
02-08 15:37:37.291  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.294  7215  7215 D ApplicationLoaders: Returning zygote-cached class loader: /system/framework/android.test.base.jar
02-08 15:37:37.294  7215  7215 D ApplicationLoaders: Returning zygote-cached class loader: /system/framework/android.test.base.jar
02-08 15:37:37.295  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.301  7215  7215 I chatty  : uid=10276(com.google.amber) identical 2 lines
02-08 15:37:37.302  7215  7215 I om.google.ambe: The ClassLoaderContext is a special shared library.
02-08 15:37:37.347  7215  7215 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/app/Activity;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (greylist, linking, allowed)
02-08 15:37:37.347  7215  7215 W om.google.ambe: Accessing hidden method Landroid/app/Instrumentation;->execStartActivity(Landroid/content/Context;Landroid/os/IBinder;Landroid/os/IBinder;Ljava/lang/String;Landroid/content/Intent;ILandroid/os/Bundle;)Landroid/app/Instrumentation$ActivityResult; (greylist, linking, allowed)
02-08 15:37:37.350  7215  7215 D NetworkSecurityConfig: No Network Security Config specified, using platform default
02-08 15:37:37.351  7215  7215 D NetworkSecurityConfig: No Network Security Config specified, using platform default
02-08 15:37:37.355  7215  7215 I MonitoringInstr: Instrumentation started!
02-08 15:37:37.356  7215  7215 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.base.jar", zip file "/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64, /system_ext/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.base.jar", zip file "/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64, /system_ext/lib64]]]'
02-08 15:37:37.358  7215  7215 I MonitoringInstr: No JSBridge.
02-08 15:37:37.360  7215  7237 I MonitoringInstr: Setting context classloader to 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.base.jar", zip file "/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64, /system_ext/lib64]]]', Original: 'dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[DexPathList[[zip file "/system/framework/android.test.runner.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.mock.jar", zip file "/system/framework/android.test.base.jar", zip file "/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk", zip file "/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk"],nativeLibraryDirectories=[/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/lib/arm64, /data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a, /system/lib64, /system_ext/lib64]]]'
02-08 15:37:37.385  7215  7237 D InfraTrack: Tracking disabled due to lack of internet permissions
02-08 15:37:37.385  7215  7237 I UsageTrackerFacilitator: Usage tracking disabled
02-08 15:37:37.389  7215  7237 I TestRequestBuilder: Scanning classpath to find tests in paths [/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk]
02-08 15:37:37.391  7215  7237 W om.google.ambe: Opening an oat file without a class loader. Are you using the deprecated DexFile APIs?
02-08 15:37:37.573  7215  7237 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.LogRunListener
02-08 15:37:37.574  7215  7237 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.InstrumentationResultPrinter
02-08 15:37:37.574  7215  7237 D TestExecutor: Adding listener androidx.test.internal.runner.listener.ActivityFinisherRunListener
02-08 15:37:37.574  7215  7237 I TestRunner: run started: 1 tests
02-08 15:37:37.577  7215  7237 I TestRunner: started: LaunchAmber(com.google.amber.AmberLauncher)
02-08 15:37:37.579  7215  7215 I MonitoringInstr: Activities that are still in CREATED to STOPPED: 0
02-08 15:37:37.588  7215  7237 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/lib/arm64'
02-08 15:37:37.588  7215  7237 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/~~KxUguHbCzqx8uM5A-jLWCg==/com.google.amber.test-oqgoLq2RLtTunsq4mb-4sA==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-08 15:37:37.588  7215  7237 D vulkan  : searching for layers in '/data/app/~~ZNpHk2454MBxrvF33dRrRw==/com.google.amber-mQOYR5dAm6r3dJSJgsBdGQ==/base.apk!/lib/arm64-v8a'
02-08 15:37:37.592  7215  7237 E Adreno-AppProfiles: Could not find QSPM HAL service
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: ===== BEGIN DUMP OF OVERRIDDEN SETTINGS =====
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: ===== END DUMP OF OVERRIDDEN SETTINGS =====
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: QUALCOMM build          : 35605c3, Ia11ce2d146
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Build Date              : 09/02/20
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Shader Compiler Version : EV031.31.04.00
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Local Branch            : gfx-adreno.lnx.2.0
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Remote Branch           : 
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Remote Branch           : 
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Reconstruct Branch      : 
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Build Config            : S P 10.0.4 AArch64
02-08 15:37:37.593  7215  7237 I AdrenoVK-0: Driver Path             : /vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.adreno.so
02-08 15:37:37.798  7215  7237 I om.google.ambe: System.exit called, status: 1
02-08 15:37:37.798  7215  7237 I AndroidRuntime: VM exiting with result code 1, cleanup skipped.
02-08 15:37:37.836  1529  8736 I ActivityManager: Process com.google.amber (pid 7215) has died: fg  FGS 
02-08 15:37:37.838   930   930 I Zygote  : Process 7215 exited cleanly (1)
02-08 15:37:37.838  1529  1676 I libprocessgroup: Successfully killed process cgroup uid 10276 pid 7215 in 0ms
02-08 15:37:37.839  1529  8736 W ActivityManager: Crash of app com.google.amber running instrumentation ComponentInfo{com.google.amber.test/androidx.test.runner.AndroidJUnitRunner}
02-08 15:37:37.839  1529  8736 I ActivityManager: Force stopping com.google.amber appid=10276 user=0: finished inst
02-08 15:37:37.842  7199  7199 D AndroidRuntime: Shutting down VM
02-08 15:37:38.153  1529  2094 D ConnectivityService: NetReassign [no changes]


STDERR:



STATUS CRASH

